well, after all, a little like that
tackman 2
is already what you see that I still see
not good
the beautiful atmosphere seems already
to be in it
also youtube quite funny the
Comparisons is not yet good at
day 2 was of course the guest is
the third day and you see that already
is something
And that's the company's germination seven
up to fourteen days fine yes ok the
comparison to corn is where is the here
comparing the champion is not even
nothing in it , not synonymous not so
it works in direct comparison that
somewhere which come
you can see now times
unpack yes with such a cloud
By the way, we all have three
already known after three days so what
been
there you have that is in actions herb
here
for the out of the seed so mountain
Savory works that
usually only around 20 to 25 days
need to the camera
you have done in three days at
6600 and a few wanted that's why
The room is actually three seeds
one of them is planted
Let's see if the other two
yes, they also want to come here
can you ever looked at seven more
Until 14 days and the would have done is
already come
Therefore, it should actually eight to
Fourteen days normally needs